---
image: "http://67.media.tumblr.com/ac22eb08a9fd44003e2e0a4f884e1641/tumblr_o1llmtXcyd1sjxgryo1_r2_1280.jpg"
layout: character
published: true
title: Sassyclot
character-name: Sassyclot
player: Olof
class: Sorcerer
race: Tiefling
background: Sailor
trinket: A lock that opens when blood is dripped in its keyhole
category: Player
---
As far as I remember, I have always possessed magic. The magic is in my blood, inherited by my demonic ancestors. I have always felt it pulsating through my veins like a force yet to be discovered. It wasn't until my late tenant years, during a tragedy at sea, that it took form and showed itself to me.

I come from a small coastal village called Ederins Docks. A peaceful yet dried-up-on-dreams type of pit stop for Pirates and Sailors in the western sea. A trading post where my family and the other locals sold seafaring supplies. Fish, ropes, hooks, maps, anchors, other types of fish - you name it. It was a place of mere importance in this world, and no one had any plans on making it to the history books as ordinary fisherman.

One day an unusual ship anchors at the bay. It's a tall but narrow white ship, dressed in details of black oak. In the back of the ship one could sight the letters "Voyager Lando". On board was a small crew of diverse races. Their captain was a tall and beautiful Drow elf called Thalra. They were here to recruit members with useful professions. Thalra led a group of explorers travelling the sea with big dreams. They were looking for the ideal island to build a new country. An exotic place where every race can live together in peace, far from all the wars on the mainland. They called it "Inclusivia".

As a young restless soul I convinced them of my usefulness. My mother had taught me to find big fishing schools, and my father how to catch them. I wasn't any good in combat, but I could feed the crew without them ever needing to stop in a city. I saw this as my shot of getting out of Ederins Docks and truly discover my magic. Thalra and her members saw my use and did not hesitate to let me join. The morning after I bid my parents farewell and swore to one day be back to tell my story.

A few years later Voyager Lando was sailing steadily with a bigger crew. Everything was going smooth as a ravens back until we drove into a hazardous storm with sharp waves. The crew were just finishing up their shark steaks in the dining area, so was I, and that's when it hit us off guard. We heard a big crack from Landos storage area beneath us. The lively dining room went silent. Then in the blink of an eye Lando's back was split in half. I heard screams. Everything went black.

I woke up coughing. Freezing. I could feel my hands clinging onto a wooden plank, like they were welded to it. I had survived. I opened my eyes and saw that the storm had passsed. I was floating in mid ocean, with wooden fragments of the elegant ship Lando. It was gone. So was the storm. The sun was now giving away its morning gaze and was probably the reason I hadn't died from cold. Did anyone else survive? Around me I could sight more ship wreckage. Mostly barrels. I paddled my way to one of them. I cracked it open and found our latest catch, squids. I took another look around, shouted. Screamed. "Is anyone alive?!". No answer. A few meters to the left of me I could see something shimmering in the periphery. I swam there. When I got closer I saw that it was another wooden plank, about half the size of my own. It had bloodstains on it. When I docked to the plank I saw what was shimmering. A locket. It was the size of my hand, standing there, untouched, locked. I reached for it, trying not to lose my balance. Once I had the locket in my hand I slipped and fell into the water. Shocked by the cold I quickly climbed up on my plank again. The locket had tipped over onto the bloodstains. Just as I was about to attempt to grab it once again it started shaking. The locket vibrated as it turned red like the bloodstains it was lying on. Then, click. It opened. Steadily I leaned above it and picked it up. The locket had copper tribals with a silver background. The keyhole was shaped like a drop of liquid. I removed the blood that had been spillt on it and opened the locket. Inside was a tiny little scroll. I carefully took it out and rolled it open. The first sentence read "The recipe for a perfect world - project Inclusivia". I skimmed the rest of the writings on the small scroll until my eyes met the signature. Thalra. I could feel my eyes turning wet as the ocean beneath me. This was all her uttermost important strategies that she had picked up during her years of travelling the Western and Northern sea. I started sobbing. Crying. Everyone was gone. I could feel my feelings pouring and pumping together with the magic in my veins. I screamed my lungs out, clenching my fist around the locket. I took my other fist and hurled it towards the plank where I found the locket. Once my fist hit the wooden surface a lightning sound sung out. I paused my crying. My wooden plank and the bloodstained plank had now merged into one. It had mended. It couldn't be. I examined the wood with the same hand and the gap between the two planks where now perfectly mended into each other. I was stunned in my sadness. I looked around the water area with all the other shipwrecks. I knew what needed to be done. I will survive.
